.TH KARATECHOP 1
.SH NAME
Karate-Chop \- File chunker & reassembler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B karatechop\fR [\fIMODE\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIFILE(S)\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B karatechop\fR chops a large file into a number of smaller files (chunks) or reassembles a set of files (chunks) into the original file.
.PP
.B karatechop\fR has two modes: chop, and reassemble.
.PP
.B karatechop\fR \fB-c|--chop\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fB\-i\fR [\fIINPUT-FILE\fR] \fB-p\fR [\fIOUTPUT-PREFIX\fR]
will chop a file into [\fIN\fR] chunks and places the chunks in a folder.
.PP
.B karatechop\fR \fB-r|--reassemble\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fB-d\fR [\fIPATH-TO-CHOPPED-FILES\fR]
will reassemble the chunks in folder specified into the original file.
.PP
.SH MODE
.TP
.BR -c ", "--chop\fR
In chop mode, \fBkaratechop\fR takes the target file specified, and chunks it into a number of smaller files.
.TP
.BR -r ", "--reassemble\fR
In reassemble mode, \fBkaratechop\fR takes the target directory containing a set of chopped files, and reassembles it into the original file.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-d ", "\-\-chopped-dir \fI\ /path/to/dir/containing/chopped/files\fR
(Used with [\fB-r|--reassemble\fR]) Absolute or relative path to the directory containing the chopped files.
.TP
.BR \-h ", "\-\-help
Brings up the help dialog and exits.
.TP
.BR \-i ", "\-\-input\-file
(Used with [\fB-c|--chop\fR]) Path to the input file to chop.
.TP
.BR \-o ", "\-\-output\-dir  "\fI\ "/path/to/output/dir\fR
Set the path to the directory to which karatechop should write the resulting chopped files or reassembled file.
.PP
.SH NOTES
.PP
HIYA!
